Dreamcast Conversion issues/differences from the Dreamcast version:

Emerald Coast: Acts 1 and 2 use custom water textures by SteG and slightly modified SADX water textures. Act 3 (Big's stage) may have Z fighting issues - to minimize those, use this mod together with the palette lighting  mod. In Act 2, palm leaves and flowers overlap the pool water - this happens in unmodded SADX as well.

Windy Valley: small grassy rocks are using their SADX models and textures to avoid transparency issues.

Twinkle Park: Flower pots in Act 2 are using their SADX models and textures to avoid transparency issues. The mirrors in Act 3 may flicker at some camera angles. You can see some level geometry behind the mirrors - this is the same as on the Dreamcast.

Speed Highway: breakable glass may flicker in Act 3 at some camera angles.

Red Mountain: the clouds in Acts 1 and 3 move slightly differently (but still layered like in SA1) and are not as bright as on the Dreamcast.

Sky Deck: In acts 1-2, some minor object placement adjustments were made (e.g. several "Danger" signs were removed near the end of Act 2). A transparent texture used for metals struts was made opaque across the whole Act 3 (this texture is also opaque in Act 1 so I thought it would be a good compromise). In Act 3 the clouds may clip at different camera angles.

Lost World: ceiling lights in Act 1 are slightly different, but still very close to the Dreamcast version.

Ice Cap: There may be Z fighting issues in Act 4 (Big) without the PL mod.

Final Egg: the stationary yellow light scales and rotates in a slightly different way than on the Dreamcast. The electric traps seen in Act 3 are slightly brighter than on the Dreamcast.

Hot Shelter: In Act 1, some objects may become slightly brighter as you approach them. In Acts 2 and 3, the green light in the bathrooms may become slightly brighter or darker at some camera angles.

Station Square:
1) Sea textures are modified SADX textures + some original textures by SteG
2) Ocean and pool water waves are not animated (same as in unmodded SADX)

Mystic Ruins:
1) Sea textures are modified SADX textures + some original textures by SteG
2) Minor transparency issues with some trees and grass objects, especially in the jungle area
3) There may be Z fighting in the Ice Cap entrance area - use the PL mod to prevent it

Egg Carrier: water, sea and sky reflection textures are original textures made by SteG

Past:
1) The reflections in Acts 2 and 3 (Master Emerald Temple) look less "lit up" and more like actual reflections
2) The water in the background of Acts 2 and 3 is slightly altered SADX water

DC Bosses:
1) E-101 MK2 has alpha channel problems (same as in unmodded SADX)
2) The water in most boss arenas is slightly adjusted SADX water
3) The bosses themselves are still using their SADX models, animations and effects
4) In Perfect Chaos, some minor adjustments to object placement have been made
5) There may be some minor Z fighting in Perfect Chaos
6) Water splashes at the bottom of waterfalls in Perfect Chaos may appear or disappear at random (same as in unmodded SADX)

PkR